# nf-core/maxquant: Output

## Introduction

This document describes the output produced by the pipeline. Most of the plots are taken from the MultiQC report, which summarises results at the end of the pipeline.

The directories listed below will be created in the results directory after the pipeline has finished. All paths are relative to the top-level results directory.

## Pipeline overview

The pipeline is built using [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/)
and processes data using the following steps:

* [SDRF]- Creates the input file for maxquant with all the necessary information.
* [Maxquant] - Runs all the processing and analysis of the data.
* [NormalyzerDE] - Runs a mix of normalization methods on the data from maxquant.
* [Pipeline information] - Report metrics generated during the workflow execution.

## Pipeline information

[Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tracing.html) provides excellent functionality for generating various reports relevant to the running and execution of the pipeline. This will allow you to troubleshoot errors with the running of the pipeline, and also provide you with other information such as launch commands, run times and resource usage.

**Output files:**

* `pipeline_info/`
  * Reports generated by Nextflow: `execution_report.html`, `execution_timeline.html`, `execution_trace.txt` and `pipeline_dag.dot`/`pipeline_dag.svg`.
  * Reports generated by the pipeline: `software_versions.csv`.

* `sdrfpipelines/`
  * Documents created by SDRF parser: `exp_design.tsv`, `mqpar.xml`.
  * Warning information in cases where the SDRF parser replaces values in the document due to missing values or wrong values: `Warning_message.txt`.

* `maxquant/`
  * Document output from Maxquant containing protein groups from the experimental data: `combined/txt/proteinGroups.txt`.

* `normalizerde/`
  * Results from the normalizerDE: `Normalyzer_stats.tsv`, `Normalyzer_methods-normalized.txt`.
